README.md, before:

# Vulengate Clue Scroll HUD

This is a simple mod for use on the [Vulengate](https://www.vulengate.com) Minecraft server. It displays information
about the [Clue Scrolls](https://wikijs.vulengate.com/en/Cluescrolls) in your inventory directly on your HUD. Using this
mod, you'll no longer have to open your inventory to check your progress towards completing your clues!

![Screenshot of the Vulengate Clue Scroll HUD mod being used.](assets/demo.gif)

**IMPORTANT:** *This project is **not** official endorsed by Vulengate.* Please do not contact Vulengate staff for
support with using this mod, because they are not responsible for it whatsoever.

---

## Usage

This is a very simple mod, so getting up and running should be a breeze!

Below, you'll find guidance about (1) what dependencies you need to install, (2) how to download this mod, (3) how to
install this mod, (4) how to use this mod in-game, and (5) how to configure it to your liking.

### 1. Setting Up Dependencies

The only hard dependencies this mod has are the [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net) and [API](https://fabricmc.net).

This mod also integrates with the [Mod Menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu) mod and
[cloth config API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config). Although these mods are not required, they make configuring
this mod much easier.

### 2. Downloading the Latest Release

For most users, the easiest way to download this mod is via [Modrinth](https://example.com/todo-add-modrinth-link/).

Some users may prefer to download the latest release directly from GitHub. You can find the all pre-built `.jar`
releases on the [Releases tab](https://github.com/Ueva/vg-ClueScrollHUD/releases) of this repository.

Alternatively, you can download the source code and build the mod yourself. If this is something you are interested in,
you probably already know what you're doing; I won't include instructions about how to do so here.

### 3. Installing the Mod

The mod is installed like any other Fabric mod. Simply place the `.jar` file in your `/mods/` folder and launch the
game.

*Easy peasy lemon squeezy.*

### 4. Using the Mod

Once installed, you should see a new HUD element in the top-left of your screen when you next join Vulengate. The mod
requires no manual action on your part - it will display information about your current cluescrolls automatically.

### 5. Configuring the Mod

This mod's keybinds can be changed in the Controls menu. The default keybinds are:

- `'` - Toggle the Clue Scroll HUD
- `[` - Show the previous clue scroll in your inventory.
- `]` - Show the next clue scroll in your inventory.

There are a few configuration options that can be changed via Mod Menu or the Cloth Config API.
If you prefer not to use these mods, you can edit the configuration file (`/config/vg-cluescrollhud.properties`)
directly.

## Getting Involved

In general, contributions to this project are more than welcome! In particular, I am committed to ironing out any bugs
or unintended behaviour, and to adding features that the community would find useful.

However, please bear in mind that this project is developed in my free time, on a voluntary basis. I will do my best
to respond to issues and pull requests in a timely manner, but I cannot make any guarantees.

### Contributing Code

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull
request.
Please ensure that your code is well-documented and that you have followed the contribution guidelines.

### Reporting Bugs

If you would like to report a bug, please open an issue on the GitHub repository. Please do not
contact any developers or maintainers directly.

### Requesting Features

If you would like to request a feature, please open an issue on the GitHub repository and tag it as a feature request.
Please do not contact any developers or maintainers directly.

## FAQs

### Is this mod allowed on Vulengate?

Who knows. I'm not a staff member, so I can't say for sure. But, as far as I know, this mod doesn't break any rules or
provide any kind of unfair advantage.

Regardless, this mod is completely client-side, so they'd have no way of knowing you're using it unless you tell them.
If you decide you want to dob yourself in, that's up to you.

I made this primarily for my own use, but made it publicly available after seeing others complaining about having to
constantly check their inventory to see their clue scroll progress.

### Can you port this mod to Forge/NeoForge?

Maybe in the future, but not any time soon.

I've not developed a Forge mod for over a decade, so I don't have any plans to do this any time soon.
If you'd like to contribute a Forge port, please get in touch.

Note: It may be possible to use this mod on NeoForge using the [Sinytra Connector](https://modrinth.com/mod/connector)
mod.

### Can you port this mod to Bedrock Edition?

This is orders of magnitude less likely than a Forge port. I've honestly never even booted up Bedrock Edition, let alone
developed an addon for it. I don't intend on starting now.

My advice: use the Java edition of Minecraft. Be like the cool kids back in 2009.

### Can you fix [bug]?

Probably! Please open an issue on the GitHub repository and tag it as a bug report.

Bug fixes take priority over feature additions, so I'll try to implement them as soon as I can.

### Can you add [feature]?

Maybe! If you have a feature request, please open an issue on the GitHub repository and tag it as a
feature request.

The main things that will influence whether or not a feature is added are (1) how useful it is to the community in
general, and (2) how much free time I have to work on this project (usually, very little).

Of course, the fastest way to get a feature added is to implement it yourself and submit a pull request!

### Why hasn't my issue been responded to/pull request been merged?

The most likely reason is that I haven't had time to look at it yet.
I'm a busy person, and I develop this project in my (extremely limited) free time.
I'll do my best to respond to issues and pull requests in a timely manner, but I can't make any guarantees.

To increase the chances of your issue being responded to quickly, please ensure that you have followed the bug report
guide for submitting bugs, or the contribution guidelines for submitting pull requests.

Commit message:

Minor README update and template code removal.

README.md, after:

# Vulengate Clue Scroll HUD

This is a simple mod for use on the [Vulengate](https://www.vulengate.com) Minecraft server. It displays information
about the [Clue Scrolls](https://wikijs.vulengate.com/en/Cluescrolls) in your inventory directly on your HUD. Using this
mod, you'll no longer have to open your inventory to check your progress towards completing your clues!

![Screenshot of the Vulengate Clue Scroll HUD mod being used.](assets/demo.gif)

**IMPORTANT:** *This project is **not** official endorsed by Vulengate.* Please do not contact Vulengate staff for
support with using this mod, because they are not responsible for it whatsoever.

---

## Usage

This is a very simple mod, so getting up and running should be a breeze!

Below, you'll find guidance about (1) what dependencies you need to install, (2) how to download this mod, (3) how to
install this mod, (4) how to use this mod in-game, and (5) how to configure it to your liking.

### 1. Setting Up Dependencies

The only hard dependencies this mod has are the [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net) and [API](https://fabricmc.net).

This mod also integrates with the [Mod Menu](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu) mod and
[cloth config API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config). Although these mods are not required, they make configuring
this mod much easier.

### 2. Downloading the Latest Release

For most users, the easiest way to download this mod is via [Modrinth](https://example.com/todo-add-modrinth-link/).

Some users may prefer to download the latest release directly from GitHub. You can find the all pre-built `.jar`
releases on the [Releases tab](https://github.com/Ueva/vg-ClueScrollHUD/releases) of this repository.

Alternatively, you can download the source code and build the mod yourself. If this is something you are interested in,
you probably already know what you're doing; I won't include instructions about how to do so here.

### 3. Installing the Mod

The mod is installed like any other Fabric mod. Simply place the `.jar` file in your `/mods/` folder and launch the
game.

*Easy peasy lemon squeezy.*

### 4. Using the Mod

Once installed, you should see a new HUD element in the top-left of your screen when you next join Vulengate. The mod
requires no manual action on your part - it will display information about your current cluescrolls automatically.

### 5. Configuring the Mod

This mod's keybinds can be changed in the Controls menu. The default keybinds are:

- `'` - Toggle the Clue Scroll HUD
- `[` - Show the previous clue scroll in your inventory.
- `]` - Show the next clue scroll in your inventory.

There are a few configuration options that can be changed via Mod Menu or the Cloth Config API.
If you prefer not to use these mods, you can edit the configuration file (`/config/vg-cluescrollhud.properties`)
directly.

## Getting Involved

In general, contributions to this project are more than welcome! In particular, I am committed to ironing out any bugs
or unintended behaviour, and to adding features that the community would find useful.

However, please bear in mind that this project is developed in my free time, on a voluntary basis. I will do my best
to respond to issues and pull requests in a timely manner, but I cannot make any guarantees.

### Contributing Code

If you would like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull
request.
Please ensure that your code is well-documented and that you have followed the contribution guidelines.

### Reporting Bugs

If you would like to report a bug, please open an issue on the GitHub repository. Please do not
contact any developers or maintainers directly.

### Requesting Features

If you would like to request a feature, please open an issue on the GitHub repository and tag it as a feature request.
Please do not contact any developers or maintainers directly.

## FAQs

### Is this mod allowed on Vulengate?

TODO: Check with staff to get clarification about whether this mod is allowed. If it is, insert evidence here.

### Can you port this mod to Forge/NeoForge?

Maybe in the future, but not any time soon.

I've not developed a Forge mod for over a decade, so I don't have any plans to do this any time soon.
If you'd like to contribute a Forge port, please get in touch.

Note: It may be possible to use this mod on NeoForge using the [Sinytra Connector](https://modrinth.com/mod/connector)
mod.

### Can you port this mod to Bedrock Edition?

This is orders of magnitude less likely than a Forge port. I've honestly never even booted up Bedrock Edition, let alone
developed an addon for it. I don't intend on starting now.

My advice: use the Java edition of Minecraft. Be like the cool kids back in 2009.

### Can you update to [version]?

Yes! I will do my very best to keep this mod up to date with the latest version of Minecraft used on Vulengate.

Sometimes, this may take a little while, especially if there are breaking changes in (1) the Fabric or Minecraft APIs,
or (2) the clue scroll plugin used on Vulengate.

### Can you fix [bug]?

Probably! Please open an issue on the GitHub repository and tag it as a bug report.

Bug fixes take priority over feature additions, so I'll try to implement them as soon as I can.

### Can you add [feature]?

Maybe! If you have a feature request, please open an issue on the GitHub repository and tag it as a
feature request.

The main things that will influence whether or not a feature is added are (1) how useful it is to the community in
general, and (2) how much free time I have to work on this project (usually, very little).

Of course, the fastest way to get a feature added is to implement it yourself and submit a pull request!

### Why hasn't my issue been responded to/pull request been merged?

The most likely reason is that I haven't had time to look at it yet.
I'm a busy person, and I develop this project in my (extremely limited) free time.
I'll do my best to respond to issues and pull requests in a timely manner, but I can't make any guarantees.

To increase the chances of your issue being responded to quickly, please ensure that you have followed the bug report
guide for submitting bugs, or the contribution guidelines for submitting pull requests.
